This semester in Computer Science: Python Language, we focused on mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. We covered the topics of Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures. In addition to biweekly assignments, problem sets and unit assessments, students also worked in pairs on a bank customer service simulation project where they developed a program to effectively calculate and distribute the wait time to increase customer satisfaction at a bank.

Ellen has a great work ethic and student habits. She faithfully completes the unit assignments. In class, Ellen is rarely engaged. She is comfortable asking questions during the larger class discussion and works well in small groups with her peers. Additionally, she demonstrates insufficient perseverance in the face of difficult tasks. Feel free to stop by our office or shoot our emails for any help!

Ellen has suffered considerably from in-class tests. She has received C's on most tests, and has a test average of 69.875%, including a 75% on her cumulative final exam. You are always eager to learn and have the most hilarious questions in class.I should admit that at this point, the best thing for her to do is to drop this class. Let us be realistic. Computer science is not for everybody. Dropping out would be much more beneficial for both Ellen's and our own well beings. Take a VJ class instead, please!

On the final exam, your functions were readable but its efficiency could be improved.

On your bank customer service simulation partner project, you received a 94%. On the project, you elected to complete the challenging extension to the assignment by implementing a second teller. Your collaboration was very successful and the only thing that could have have improved was to make your written code a bit easier to read by getting rid of repetitive lines.

In reflecting on your progress this semester right before the semester exam, you wrote: 
 "I feel confident about my understanding of the materials. I'm a little shaky on checking my work and debugging in an exam. Goals for next semester: keep learning."

It is difficult to start learning a programming language from scratch, and Ellen was defeated by this challenge. With an overall grade percentage of 77.656%, Ellen earned a C in this semester and I look forward to seeing her continued growth for the remainder of the year.